Added Rationale & Warning to README (#54)
Adyen/adyen-web: README.md

Adyen Web can also be imported with a `<script>` tag, refer to [the documentation](https://docs.adyen.com/checkout/components-web#step-2-add-components) for instructions.

#### Please note: 
We only provide full support when using one of these methods of installation.
Modifications to the code base should be made via a pull request or by creating an issue.

## Rationale

> We have open-sourced Checkout for the following reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have open-sourced Adyen Web for the following reasons:
```

Adyen Web can also be imported with a `<script>` tag, refer to [the documentation](https://docs.adyen.com/checkout/components-web#step-2-add-components) for instructions.

> ####Please note: 

Reviewer 2: There's a missing space. Some editors won't show the content correctly because of that.
```suggestion
#### Please note: 
```
